README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Apoorv</h1>
<h3 align="center">A Passionate ML Learner</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=apoorvbrooklyn&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=apoorvbrooklyn" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></a> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/apoorvbrooklyn" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/apoorvbrooklyn?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Creatiing a Vision Model From Scratch](https://github.com/ApoorvBrooklyn/Stable-diffusion-Clone.git)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Pytorch and Machine Vision**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **Diffusion Models**

- 📫 How to reach me **apoorvssadhale@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/apoorvbrooklyn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/apoorv-sadhale-4406061a7" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="apoorv-sadhale-4406061a7" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@apoorobot21" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@apoorobot21" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://developer.android.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/android/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redis.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original-wordmark.svg" alt="redis" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=apoorvbrooklyn&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=apoorvbrooklyn&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=apoorvbrooklyn&" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></p>

Commit message:

Update project focus and learning topics in README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Apoorv</h1>
<h3 align="center">A Passionate ML Learner</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=apoorvbrooklyn&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=apoorvbrooklyn" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></a> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/apoorvbrooklyn" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/apoorvbrooklyn?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Creatiing a Text to Speech Model From Scratch](https://github.com/ApoorvBrooklyn/tts.git)

- 🌱 I’m currently working with **Pytorch and Machine Vision**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **Text to Speech Models**

- 📫 How to reach me **apoorvssadhale@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/apoorvbrooklyn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/apoorv-sadhale-4406061a7" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="apoorv-sadhale-4406061a7" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@apoorobot21" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@apoorobot21" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://developer.android.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/android/android-original-wordmark.svg" alt="android" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://redis.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redis/redis-original-wordmark.svg" alt="redis" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=apoorvbrooklyn&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=apoorvbrooklyn&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=apoorvbrooklyn&" alt="apoorvbrooklyn" /></p>
